"The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want." – Psalm 23:1
"For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope." – Jeremiah 29:11
"I can do all things through him who strengthens me." – Philippians 4:13
"The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world and those who dwell therein." – Psalm 24:1
"Blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord, whose confidence is in him." – Jeremiah 17:7
"The Lord is near to the brokenhearted and saves the crushed in spirit." – Psalm 34:18
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life." – John 3:16
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." – Albert Einstein
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Peter Drucker
"Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person." – Mother Teresa
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." – Nelson Mandela
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." – Wayne Gretzky
"Happiness depends upon ourselves." – Aristotle
"Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind." – Romans 12:2
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." – Stephen R. Covey
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." – Steve Jobs
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." – Oscar Wilde
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett
"The best revenge is massive success." – Frank Sinatra
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." – Tony Robbins
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." – Walter Elliot
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." – Helen Keller
"The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do." – Unknown
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." – Lao Tzu
"You can never plan the future by the past." – Edmund Burke
"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Everything you can imagine is real." – Pablo Picasso
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vidal Sassoon
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." – Colin R. Davis
"Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right." – Henry Ford
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." – Buddha
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
"To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering." – Friedrich Nietzsche
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." – Epictetus
"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves." – Viktor E. Frankl
"God helps those who help themselves." – Benjamin Franklin
"The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear?" – Psalm 27:1
"Be strong and take heart, all you who hope in the Lord." – Psalm 31:24
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." – Zig Ziglar
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Good things come to those who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." – Anonymous
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." – George Eliot
"There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking." – Brian Tracy
"There are no shortcuts to any place worth going." – Beverly Sills
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." – Robert Frost
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." – Buddha
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." – Albert Einstein
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." – Albert Schweitzer
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." – Dr. Seuss
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent." – Calvin Coolidge
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"It always seems impossible until it's done." – Nelson Mandela
"Peace begins with a smile." – Mother Teresa
"The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." – Malcolm X
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." – Dr. Seuss
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are." – Bo Bennett
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
"What we think, we become." – Buddha
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." – Martin Luther King Jr.
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Abraham Lincoln
"True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself." – Honore de Balzac
"Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning to dance in the rain." – Unknown
"When you go through deep waters, I will be with you." – Isaiah 43:2
"Your greatness is not what you have, but in what you give." – Unknown
"Love the life you live. Live the life you love." – Bob Marley
"The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us but those who win battles we know nothing about." – Unknown
"Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact." – William James
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." – Steve Jobs
"The road to success is always under construction." – Lily Tomlin
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." – Buddha
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
"The Lord is good to those who wait for him, to the soul who seeks him." – Lamentations 3:25
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." – Mahatma Gandhi
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"Everything happens for a reason." – Unknown
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." – Tony Robbins
"If you can dream it, you can do it." – Walt Disney
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." – Charles R. Swindoll
"Believe you can and you’re halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become." – Carl Jung
"God has a plan for your life, and it is good." – Jeremiah 29:11
"Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others." – Marcus Tullius Cicero
"The more grateful I am, the more beauty I see." – Mary Davis
"When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears." – Anthony Robbins
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." – Henry Ward Beecher
"Life is a gift. Never forget to enjoy and bask in every moment you are in." – Unknown
"Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom." – Marcel Proust
"Gratitude turns what we have into enough." – Aesop
"The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest." – William Blake
"Gratitude is the sign of noble souls." – Aesop
"Cultivate the habit of being grateful for every good thing that comes to you, and to give thanks continuously." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Gratitude is the memory of the heart." – Jean Baptiste Massieu
"Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow." – Melody Beattie
"Gratitude is the open door to abundance." – Harville Hendrix
"Gratitude is the healthiest of all human emotions." – Zig Ziglar
"Gratitude is the most exquisite form of courtesy." – Jacques Maritain
"Gratitude is the wine for the soul. Go on. Get drunk." – Rumi
"Gratitude changes the pangs of memory into a tranquil joy." – Dietrich Bonhoeffer
"Gratitude is not only a feeling, but also an action." – Unknown
"Gratitude is the art of painting an adversity into a lovely picture." – Kak Sri
"Gratitude is the antidote to fear and anxiety." – Unknown
"Gratitude is the best attitude." – Unknown
"Silent gratitude isn’t much use to anyone." – Gertrude Stein
"The more you practice the art of thankfulness, the more you have to be thankful for." – Norman Vincent Peale
"Gratitude is a powerful catalyst for happiness." – Amy Collette
"Gratitude is a key to unlocking the fullness of life." – Unknown
"To be thankful is the simplest way to enrich our lives." – Unknown
"What are the challenges God gives us that are not gifts?" - Stephen Colbert